#**Dorothy**
Another branch of Cocos2d-x with Lua derived from Cocos2d-x version 2.1rc0. Its target is to make a much easier framework for building a game. This branch provides simpler API interfaces, removes unnecessary features, addes features, improves the Lua binding codes and fixes Cocos2d-x bugs.

##**Features**

###**Removal**
* Cocos2d-x as pure graphic engine (Remove lots of extensions)
* Box2D as physics engine (Remove chipmunk)
* Lua as script engine (Remove Javascript)
* Only bind necessary APIs to Lua (Don`t need every detail from C++)

###**Added**
* Physics world, nodes and sensors that simplify the use of Box2D.
* Skeleton animation with smooth transition for changing of two animations.
* Animation editor which is simple enough to make skeleton animations and is written purely with the framework itself.
* A platform game (Mario like game) framework with features of character, bullet, action, behavier tree, layer management and camera. And it can be used for other kinds of games as well.
* Improved Zerobrane Studio with much more powerful code autocompletion abilities. All framework APIs is supported.

###**Enhance**
* C++ object\`s life circle is auto managed while writting in Lua codes. (No manually calling `retain()` or `release()` is needed for memory management).
* Improved Lua type systems with lower cost.
* Small optimizations for Lua binding to run faster.

###**Issues**###
* When using callbacks that call Lua functions from C++, cicular references may appear. For example:

```lua
	local layer = CCLayer()
    layer:registerTouchHandler(
    	function(eventType) -- layer references closure to invoke it
    		if eventType == CCTouch.Began then
    			layer.opacity = 1.0 -- closure references layer to access it
    		elseif eventType == CCTouch.Ended then
    			layer:runAction(oOpacity(0.3,0))
    		end
	    end)

	-- Currently in the implementation, the Lua GC system can`t detect 
	-- this kind of cicular reference. When you are done with the layer.
	-- You should call layer:unregisterTouchHandler() manually to avoid 
	-- memory leak.
``` 

##**Lisence**##
This code is distributed under the MIT License. Here is the full license:

Copyright (c) 2013 Jin Li, http://www.luv-fight.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

